after of course there are some worries with the
authorities in the sense that I know since
for a month and a half we meet
difficulties we personally in the
central station because there is the operation
thermos that took monopoly actually they
have created a schedule in which they have
so incorporate associations one
creates an assembly to which we
was not invited so we did not have
knowledge and one day we meet them
so at the central station where even goes out that
we do the same thing as us and they
we have outright hunting and from there they
send us the police to get them
go
the police made us understand that he
needed an authorization and therefore the
steps are underway but here is this
a ridiculous conflict in the sense that
working together is the solution
complementarity
but unfortunately one she does not see
from this angle that we thought she
competition in associations that
help the poor
I do not know what their interest is in
to want to monopolize the central station
but in any case it's competition
and she's really misplaced yeah
because we have a common goal
bring some food and
warmth to these people we are not there
to pretend to be kings
from the central station to have the monopoly
but it's still to follow
because we are in the process
we are waiting for the answers in fact of the
commune etc to find out if we can
continue to Paris Central Station for
you yes quite they tried to
hunt several times but we talked
with a manager and made us
understand that it also needed
authorization to distribute in the
central Station
it's without authorization they have the right to
to hunt because it's wrong to say that
the present thermos and is recognized by
tariffs are subsidized every
associations working with at
prince also demanded
so they have accounts to render to
the state so everything should not prepared
they had to distribute so on one side
it's understandable but the other side
is that we have not been invited to
the other organization that would be when
even great to have to succeed
that's not the fight for the
the same objective, but we have
tried to work with them they are
not really but really not that for
that's it without closing on it they
not want they do not want to work
with us they made us understand
it could could their
leave their car that was distributing
us in our place they should not want
also understand that they only distributes
no halal food and there is
a lot of Muslims that they are
made nice understand and talk with them
they do not want to change their meals and
what they give them is because
that we give ourselves we needed I
would prefer to come and eat at our place
than at home and sometimes it does not come back
because it would end up with 50
50 for not hot to throw yeah they have
afraid that you islamized all his voices
students
maybe do not know with meat
it's magic so that's what we
find it personally hurt
frankly not what good you do
I have to go to the central station at
Wednesday night 19 20 hours ago two
distribution stands in the same
corridor of Central Station there are two
son unfortunately for them moms
who cook for us make dishes
excellent and therefore homeless and prefers
eat with us that tasty food
energy dishes that you
know all so they prefer to do
the queue at home and so have we
not the meat is good one
gives the strength that fills the
belly and that's from abn soft so they
are not there so here is good hot meal
of village and patio which are well
consisting
and here we are not criticizing at all
that they do them but we will say that the
sdf has the right to choose who will
eat them
but you are not against who is 2
we say two stands we are not
but against even offered them
to align their stand with ours so that he
may have
we will say more choices in what
in what they want to eat etc but
that was categorical it's no
[Music]